Fix #11629 (#11633)
remix-run/react-router: .changeset/thirty-swans-fail.md

---
"react-router": patch
---

> Resolve relative paths correctly in hash routes that are children of pathless routes (#11629)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `v7_relativeSplatPath`, properly resolve relative paths in splat routes that are children of pathless routes
```

The pull request number will be added automatically during the release process, and the PR will link to the issue number :)
